README.md, before:

# Webinar Demo

## Overview 
This Webinar provides an overview of the OpenFin platform and a hands-on demonstration of key OpenFin APIs. Documentation for the OpenFin Runtime API can be found [here](https://openfin.co/developers/javascript-api/). Built on the OpenFin Runtime and [Reveal-js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/).

## Launch

### OpenFin Windows Installer

[Installer](https://install.openfin.co/download?fileName=OpenFin%20Webinar&config=https://openfin.github.io/webinar-demo/app.json)

### Run on Mac

```bash
npm install --global openfin-cli
openfin --launch --config https://openfin.github.io/webinar-demo/app.json
```

### Run Locally

```sh
$ npm install
```
```sh
$ bower install
```
```sh
$ npm start
```
```sh
$ openfin -l app.json
```

## Disclaimers
* Its possible that the repo is not actively maintained.

## License
MIT

The code in this repository is covered by the included license.  If you run this code, it may call on the OpenFin RVM or OpenFin Runtime, which are subject to OpenFin’s [Developer License](https://openfin.co/developer-agreement/). If you have questions, please contact support@openfin.co”

## Support
Please enter an issue in the repo for any questions or problems. 
<br> Alternatively, please contact us at support@openfin.co

Commit message:

Update ReadMe with license language edits

README.md, after:

# Webinar Demo

## Overview 
This Webinar provides an overview of the OpenFin platform and a hands-on demonstration of key OpenFin APIs. Documentation for the OpenFin Runtime API can be found [here](https://openfin.co/developers/javascript-api/). Built on the OpenFin Runtime and [Reveal-js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/).

## Launch

### OpenFin Windows Installer

[Installer](https://install.openfin.co/download?fileName=OpenFin%20Webinar&config=https://openfin.github.io/webinar-demo/app.json)

### Run on Mac

```bash
npm install --global openfin-cli
openfin --launch --config https://openfin.github.io/webinar-demo/app.json
```

### Run Locally

```sh
$ npm install
```
```sh
$ bower install
```
```sh
$ npm start
```
```sh
$ openfin -l app.json
```

## Disclaimers
* Its possible that the repo is not actively maintained.

## License
MIT


The code in this repository is covered by the included license.

However, if you run this code, it may call on the OpenFin RVM or OpenFin Runtime, which are covered by OpenFin’s Developer, Community, and Enterprise licenses. You can learn more about OpenFin licensing at the links listed below or just email us at support@openfin.co with questions.

https://openfin.co/developer-agreement/ <br/>
https://openfin.co/licensing/

## Support
Please enter an issue in the repo for any questions or problems. 
<br> Alternatively, please contact us at support@openfin.co
